4.1 Output: A table of the numbers from 5 to 15 and their squares and
    cubes, using alert.
4.2 Output: The first 20 Fibonacci numbers, which are defined as in the
    sequence
    1, 1, 2, 3, . . .
    where each number in the sequence after the second is the sum of the
    two previous numbers. You must use document.write to produce
    the output.
4.3 Input: Three numbers, using prompt to get each.
    Output: The largest of the three input numbers.
    Hint: Use the predefined function Math.max.
4.4 Modify the script of Exercise 4.2 to use prompt to input a number n
    that is the number of the Fibonacci number required as output.
4.5 Input: A text string, using prompt.
    Output: Either "Valid name" or "Invalid name", depending on
    whether the input names fit the required format, which is
    Last name, first name, middle initial
    where neither of the names can have more than 15 characters.
4.6 Input: A line of text, using prompt.
    Output: The words of the input text, in alphabetical order.
4.7 Modify the script of Exercise 4.6 to get a second input from the user,
    which is either "ascending" or "descending". Use this input to
    determine how to sort the input words.
4.8 Function: no_zeros
    Parameter: An array of numbers.
    Result: The given array must be modified to remove all zero values.
    Returns: true if the given array included zero values; false otherwise.
4.9 Function: e_names
    Parameter: An array of names, represented as strings.
    Returns: The number of names in the given array that end in either
    "ie" or "y".
4.10 Function: first_vowel
    Parameter: A string.
    Returns: The position in the string of the leftmost vowel.
4.11 Function: counter
    Parameter: An array of numbers.
    Returns: The numbers of negative elements, zeros, and values greater
    than zero in the given array.
    Note: You must use a switch statement in the function.
4.12 Function: tst_name
    Parameter: A string.
    Returns: true if the given string has the form
    string1, string2 letter
    where both strings must be all lowercase letters except for the first
    letter and letter must be uppercase; false otherwise.
4.13 Function: row_averages
    Parameter: An array of arrays of numbers.
    Returns: An array of the averages of each of the rows of the given
    matrix.
4.14 Function: reverser
    Parameter: A number.
    Returns: The number with its digits in reverse order.